the last thing that i was trying to figure is was the rolling, derived, and cumulative funcitons
in the preprocessing class (the py file). I know that i need to just do it the long way with a 
for loop but i didnt get to finish doing it. 
right now what it doesnt calcultat this correctly. for some reason when you try to use a group by, 
it will calculate a teams first game based on the previous teams last game. which obviously causes
problems in the calculations. I will have to figure this out another time. 

Reminder for what the files in the folder are. 
1. the advanced and traditoinal box scores with the years are the files that i started with. 
    These are the raw files from the API
2. the EDA wiht rolling data and ELO_test were just two CSVs that i was using to test stuff with.
    you can ignore these 
3. get_player_availability notebook is what i used to get what players were out of a game. I am 
    really excited about this i think this is pretty cool and will add alot when building the model
4. help csv is test you can ignore it
5. NBA API Class: this notebook is what i use to get the raw data from the API
6. player box scores 2023 is the raw player boxscore data from the API
7. Predict games: this notebook is where i have the models that i was trying to set up. i was 
    importing the output from the preprocessing script
8. preprocess output. this is the output i was using to model with. 
9. preprocess notebook: this was my initial noteboo to set up the preprocessing. and i still used 
    it to test some things. its basically a scratch notebook at this point
10. preprocess (the .py): this is the preprocessing class 
11. preprocess 2: this notebook was where i was importing the class and running it
12. steps txt file is a scratch text file 
13. the next two csvs are just for testing things 
14. same for the test notebook. this was to upload to Claude to look it over. 
15. test notebook: this was the very first notebook i started with. i wouldnt ignore this 
    its all over the place